Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: python-otr
Version: 1.2.2
Summary: Off-The-Record Messaging (OTR) protocol implementation for python
Home-page: https://github.com/AGProjects/python-otr
Author: AG Projects
Author-email: support@ag-projects.com
License: LGPL
Description: 
        This package implements the Off-The-Record Messaging protocol in pure python.
        
        Off-The-Record Messaging (OTR) is a cryptographic protocol that provides
        encryption for instant messaging conversations. OTR uses a combination of
        AES symmetric-key algorithm with 128 bits key length, the Diffie–Hellman
        key exchange with 1536 bits group size, and the SHA-1/SHA-256 hash functions.
        
        Features of the OTR protocol:
        
        1. End-to-end encryption: No one else can read your messages.
        2. Authentication: The correspondent's identity can be verified.
        3. Deniability: The messages you send do not have digital signatures that can
           be checked by a third party. Anyone can forge messages after a conversation
           to make them look like they came from you, however during the conversation
           your correspondent is assured that the messages he sees coming from you are
           authentic and unmodified.
        4. Perfect forward secrecy: If you lose control of your private keys, you are
           assured that no previous conversation is compromised.
        
        This package implements the version 2 and 3 of the OTR protocol.
        For more details see https://otr.cypherpunks.ca/
        
Platform: Platform Independent
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Requires: python_application (>=2.8.0)
Requires: cryptography (>=1.6)
Requires: enum34
Requires: gmpy2
Requires: zope.interface
Provides: otr
